Add Webex and WebRTC to list of available audio/video integration solutions (#3245)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/video-and-audio-calling.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Start and join voice calls, video calls and use screen sharing with your team members, developed by Mattermost.
- Click a video icon in a Mattermost channel to invite team members to join a Zoom call, hosted using the credentials of the user who initiated the call.
- Requires 1 paid `Zoom Pro, Business, Education, or API plan, <https://zoom.us/pricing>`_ to generate an API key and secret for $14.99/month.
- Supports a self-hosted cloud solution, and a vendor-hosted cloud solution.
- Docs available at: https://docs.mattermost.com/integrations/zoom.html
- Source code available at: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom

Cisco Webex Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Start and join voice and video calls, and share your screen with members of your team, developed by Mattermost.

Author: I kept `developed by` without brackets, did you feel strongly about this?

Reviewer: No, I'm a 1/5 so that works for me. :)

- Use the ``/webex`` command or click the video icon in a Mattermost channel to invite team members to join a Webex call, hosted using the credentials of the user who initiated the call.

> - Requires 1 paid `Cisco Webex Developer Account, <https://developer.webex.com/>`_ to generate an API key and secret.

Author: Propose keeping `1 paid` vs `a single paid` because it is easier for non-English speaker to understand

Reviewer: Yes, I like single paid much better!

- Docs: https://docs.mattermost.com/integrations/zoom.html
- Source code: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom

Cisco Webex Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Start and join voice calls, video calls and use screen sharing with your team members, developed by Mattermost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start and join voice and video calls, and share your screen with members of your team. 
```

> - Using a ``/webex`` command or clicking a video icon in a Mattermost channel invites team members to join a Webex call, hosted using the credentials of the user who initiated the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the ``/webex`` command or click the video icon in a Mattermost channel to invite team members to join a Webex call, hosted using the credentials of the user who initiated the call.
```
Does this include all team members, or just channel members - including guests?

> - // ?? Requires 1 paid `Zoom Pro, Business, Education, or API plan, <https://zoom.us/pricing>`_ to generate an API key and secret for $14.99/month.

Author: @aaronrothschild Not sure if any paid accounts is required for initial set up

Reviewer 2: They are required is my understanding.  A Developer account would work.

> - // ?? Requires 1 paid `Zoom Pro, Business, Education, or API plan, <https://zoom.us/pricing>`_ to generate an API key and secret for $14.99/month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- // ?? Requires a single paid `Zoom Pro, Business, Education, or API plan, <https://zoom.us/pricing>`_ to generate an API key and secret for $14.99/month.
```
Are all the plans $14.99/month? Or is the API key and secret $14.99/month?

Reviewer 2: I suggest not putting any pricing in at all - we then need to keep it in synch with the company's pricing plans....

- Supports a self-hosted cloud solution, and a vendor-hosted cloud solution.

> - Source code + docs: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-webex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Source code and docs available at: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-webex.
```

- Supports a vendor-hosted cloud solution.

> - Source code + docs: https://github.com/kosgrz/mattermost-plugin-skype4business

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Source code and docs available at: https://github.com/kosgrz/mattermost-plugin-skype4business.
```

WebRTC
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Start one-on-one voice and video calls, based on the WebRTC protocol, developed by Nikhil Rajan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start one-on-one voice and video calls, based on the WebRTC protocol (developed by Nikhil Rajan).
```

- Calls embedded into the Mattermost interface for seamless user experience.
- No third-party dependancy, uses a browser-to-browser and serverless approach to initiate calls.

> - Source code + docs: https://github.com/niklabh/mattermost-plugin-webrtc-video

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Source code and docs available at: https://github.com/niklabh/mattermost-plugin-webrtc-video.
```
